So, let's write a program
that creates a new file, but
it doesn't catch any exceptions.
We don't feel like dealing
with exceptions, all right?
So, we can get past this if
you're feeling a little lazy.
All right, so back to Java.
Let's make a new class.
So we, let's just add it here.
What do y'all think?
All right.
Okay, we can make another one because
it's still ThrowingExceptions, right?
So, we'll make a new method and
this one we'll call it public
static void rethrowException.
And I want to make the new file,
so we'll say, File.
Make sure you import it.
Nonexistent.txt.
And I wanna say file
that creates a newFile.
So we already know that
throws an exception, right?
I don't want a try catch block here, okay?
I mean, this is gonna happen.
Sometimes you're like writing code and
you're using a method
from some other class.
It throws an exception and you're like,
I don't know how to handle that exception.
Just let it let it throw, right?
And that's fine.
If you wanna do that,
you don't have a way to rebound from that.
What are you going to do,
like print the stack trace?
That'll already happen anyway, right?
So you might just want to say,
okay, I don't want to handle it,
instead I'm just gonna say that
I throw this exception too.
And that's enough.
I no longer need the try catch block.
I basically said, hey,
if you call me there's a chance that
this exception might be thrown.
I've pushed the burden of that
to whoever is calling me.
And they could push the burden
if they want to, or
they can handle it if they want to.
All right.
Polymorphism also works in this case.
So, if there's any unchecked exceptions or
maybe there's 15 different
exceptions that can be thrown and
I don't wanna list 15 things here,
I could just change that to exception.
Put the super class.
Basically I throw exceptions people.
All right?
I'm gonna leave a couple of examples.
So we'll say this and then let's make
one more here, rethrowExceptions.
Okay, and
then I have this one exception but
then I could do like Scanner or
something, right?
So, Scanner, how did that code look,
fileReader, right?
And then that throws
a different kind of exception.
So I'm going to change that to Exception.
That way that handles both.
>> Can you specify two in the header?
>> Yes.
You could, you will just do a comma here.
>> Okay.
>> And then write the other one so,
just like an input mismatch or
something like that you could do that.
>> I have a question.
>> Yeah.
>> Earlier we were talking about
interfaces if you are setting up a method.
Writing in a class, but
you implemented it from the interface,
the interface also need
to throw the exception?
>> Say one more time.
>> So we have interfaces and
we have methods or
like method signatures
in those interfaces.
And you can use that to generate a method
and a class to fulfill that [INAUDIBLE].
Does the signature or the method name,
I guess suppose in the interface also
need to throw the exception if you're
declaring it in the method name?
>> Good question.
Let's check that out.
Give me one second, to write this.
All right, let's go to interfaces.
So let's say I have a product interface.
You are asking if this needs to like
throws IOException or something like that.
So you can definitely declare that
there and then whoever inherits,
they get that burden as well.
What I don't know is if
I don't declare that,
can I declare it in the overridden method?
So let's look at Book and getName.
Let's say throws.
Yeah doesn't like it.
Overwritten method does
not throw an exception.
So you would have to define it in the.
>> The interface.
>> The interface, yeah, good question.